docs: update documentation for recent features (#2398)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/configuration/settings.md

- **Google**: Uses Google Custom Search. Requires both an API key and a search engine ID from [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com). Best for users who want Google's search results.

Example:

```json
{
  "webSearch": {
    "provider": [
      { "type": "dashscope" },
      { "type": "tavily", "apiKey": "$TAVILY_API_KEY" },
      {
        "type": "google",
        "apiKey": "$GOOGLE_SEARCH_API_KEY",
        "searchEngineId": "$GOOGLE_SEARCH_ENGINE_ID"
      }
    ],
    "default": "dashscope"
  }
}
```

#### hooksConfig

Controls whether hooks are enabled and which named hooks are disabled for the
current configuration. Use the [`/hooks`](../features/commands) command to list,
enable, or disable configured hooks during a session.

| Setting                | Type             | Description                                                                              | Default |
| ---------------------- | ---------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |

> | `hooksConfig.enabled`  | boolean          | Canonical on/off switch for the hooks system. When `false`, configured hooks do not run. | `true`  |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The table documents `hooksConfig.enabled` as defaulting to `true`, but the CLI only enables hooks when `argv.experimentalHooks === true || settings.hooksConfig?.enabled === true`, and core defaults missing `enableHooks` to `false`. The quick-start example below also only adds a `hooks` block, so users copying it will expect hooks to run even though they remain disabled unless they also set `hooksConfig.enabled: true` or pass the experimental flag.

Consider documenting the effective default as disabled unless explicitly enabled, and include `hooksConfig.enabled: true` in the quick-start example.

_— gpt-5.5 via Qwen Code /review_

| `hooksConfig.disabled` | array of strings | List of hook names that should be disabled even if they are configured in `hooks`.       | `[]`    |

Example:

```json
{
  "hooksConfig": {
    "enabled": true,
    "disabled": ["log-stop-output"]
  }
}
```

> #### hooks

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Hooks section documents arbitrary shell command execution with zero security warnings

The new `hooks` section lets users configure shell commands that run automatically on session events, but has no security caveat. For comparison, `tools.exclude` and `mcpServers` in this same file both have explicit "Security Note" callouts — both are less dangerous than arbitrary shell execution.

Consider adding a `[!warning]` callout:

```markdown
> [!warning]
>
> Hooks execute shell commands automatically with the same permissions as the
> user running Qwen Code. Review hook commands carefully, especially in
> project-level settings (`.qwen/settings.json`) from untrusted repositories.
```

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_

> Defines hook events and the commands that should run when those ev

Reviewer: **[Critical]** Broken mid-word line break renders as a visible typo

The text `"ev\nents"` renders as `"ev ents"` in published docs. The colon on the next line is also orphaned.

```suggestion
Defines hook events and the commands that should run when those events fire.
At the settings level, Qwen Code currently documents these event keys:
```

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_

ents fire. At
the settings level, Qwen Code currently documents these event keys
:

> [!tip]
>
> **Quick Start:** To get started with hooks quickly, add this minimal
> configuration to your `settings.json`:
>
> ```json
> {
>   "hooks": {
>     "Stop": [
>       {
>         "hooks": [
>           {
>             "type": "command",
>             "command": "echo 'Session ended' >> ~/.qwen/session.log"
>           }
>         ]
>       }
>     ]
>   }
> }
> ```
>
> This logs a message each time Qwen Code finishes a response. See the
> detailed field reference below for more options.

| Setting                  | Type             | Description                                                                                        | Default |
| ------------------------ | ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |

> | `hooks.UserPromptSubmit` | array of objects | Hooks that run before Qwen Code processes a user prompt. Useful for prompt augmentation or checks. | `[]`    |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Hooks events table only lists 2 of 12 supported events

The `HookEventName` enum in `packages/core/src/hooks/types.ts` defines 12 events: `PreToolUse`, `PostToolUse`, `PostToolUseFailure`, `Notification`, `UserPromptSubmit`, `SessionStart`, `Stop`, `SubagentStart`, `SubagentStop`, `PreCompact`, `SessionEnd`, `PermissionRequest`. The phrasing "currently documents these event keys" implies this is the complete list.

Either add all 12 events or clarify: "These are the two most commonly used events. Additional event types include: `PreToolUse`, `PostToolUse`, `SessionStart`, `SessionEnd`, and others. Run `/hooks list` for the full set."

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_

| Field        | Type             | Description                                                           |
| ------------ | ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `matcher`    | string           | Optional matcher that limits when this hook definition applies.       |
| `sequential` | boolean          | Run the hooks in this definition sequentially instead of in parallel. |
| `hooks`      | array of objects | The commands to execute when the event matches.                       |

Each `hooks[]` entry supports:

| Field         | Type   | Required | Description                                                   |
| ------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`        | string | Yes      | Hook type. Currently `command`.                               |
| `command`     | string | Yes      | Shell command to run when the hook fires.                     |
| `name`        | string | No       | Stable hook name used by `hooksConfig.disabled` and `/hooks`. |
| `description` | string | No       | Human-readable description of the hook.                       |

> | `timeout`     | number | No       | Timeout in milliseconds for the hook command.                 |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Hooks `timeout` field has no documented default and no error handling semantics

Source (`packages/core/src/hooks/hookRunner.ts`) defines `DEFAULT_HOOK_TIMEOUT = 60000` (60 seconds). On timeout: SIGTERM then SIGKILL after 2s. Failed hooks are non-blocking. None of this is documented.

Add the default value (`60000` — 60 seconds) and a note: "If a hook times out or exits with a non-zero status, Qwen Code logs the error and continues."

_— qwen-latest-series-invite-beta-v28 via Qwen Code /review_
